Add support for object locking with legal hold. (#8634)
Minio-io/minio: docs/retention/README.md

See https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/object-lock-overview.html for AWS S3 spec on
object locking and permissions required for object retention and governance bypass overrides.

### Set legal hold on an object

PutObject API allows setting legal hold using `x-amz-object-lock-legal-hold` header.

```sh
aws s3api put-object --bucket testbucket --key legalhold --object-lock-legal-hold-status ON --body /etc/issue
```

See https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/dev/object-lock-overview.html for AWS S3 spec on
object locking and permissions required for specifying legal hold.

### 3. Note

- When global WORM is enabled by `MINIO_WORM` environment variable or `worm` field in configuration file supersedes bucket level WORM and `PUT object lock configuration` REST API is disabled.
- In global WORM mode objects can never be overwritten

> - If an object is under legal hold, it cannot be overwritten unless the hold is lifted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If an object is under legal hold, it cannot be overwritten unless the legal hold is explicitly removed
```
